Come on! Burn me like a Christmas tree!
I just airshot him! PERMISSION TO LAND HAS BEEN DENIED! // self implemented strings
Blockeling up my blain
It blockels my blain
THIS MED IS 1 HUGE VEN
But the memes did not helps the problem, they exacurbated the problem
The memes did not helps the problems..
Fast pounding long john in the masive ass hole of john
I've got a brain the size of a pea
I'm being chased by a shadow the size of Manhattan
He has a brain the size of a pea and a body the size of Manhattan
Slap your long john on king kongs anus
It's the size of Manhattan!
Suck and fuck my long john
Tastes like my nans armpits
I have an energy drink, a hot chocolate, a sausage roll, I'm ready to go!
If you don't by a gift for you so you might well be tight up fuck
Bren unlike you I have a job
You are and egg = to the chicken
I'll have foot long chinken, Hole the egg
THEY ARE BRAKING US!!
I have the captains voice, you can screw yourself!
Cleaning a fucking boat like an autistic bastard!
Loveheart I wanna see your long john, please
I want your long john! If you dont give me your long john I'll cry
You have a long john! I want to see your long john!
Ohhhhhhh my long john is very big
Boys you dont understand how long my long john is
Put that long john teleporter down! Get some more long johns out here, come on!
We have a long john sentry as well! It shoots long john rockets!
There's a long john heavy outside as well!
Oh dont use American you Imperial cunt, metric please
Women aren't happy about my long john
One time a woman pulled down my trousers and saw my long john and went 'Oh that's a small john'...I cried for weeks
Why do women always insult my long john!? They say like it's spotty and wrinkley
Do I need to shave my long john?
Oh my long john is really to talk about, come on!
Shall we talk about a long john in a long hole?
I'm the long john master! I'm the long john king! All bow down to master long john!
Hello! Welcome to the long john club. I expect you to sacrifice a long john, give me your long john, I eat long johns
A short long john
This mans lagging so much his long john is pinging across the world!
Hello boys long john is here, LONG JOHN IS BACK!
The long john will never leave you
You've failed the long john army, go kill yourselves
Get the fuck out of here you're not a long john
You're a fucking empty john
If you're happy and you know it touch your long john
If you're happy and you know it and you really want to show it smack your long john
Would you like to slap my long john?
The long john movie, starring: Long John, directed by: Long John, Special thanks to Long John Mum and Long John Dad, in loving memory of Long John Peter, based on a true story: The Long Johns
Long john birth certificate and long john death certificate
It's not Happy Easter anymore! It's Happy Long John Easter!
Long john monster
Big foot long john
Bagel you did pretty good long john!
Here we observe the natural long john in its natural habitat
Bren's gamesense is limited compared to Hempus
Ven fucking dickweed! Ven huge cock! Stupid little boy..
Watch Hempus play scout then watch Bren play scout and tell me who has more brain gamesense
Jetwashing his fucking boat when he could be sitting here playing scout in fours...
Bren's brain is the size of fucking sweetcorn
I'm fucking fuming..I'm furious!
What am I supposed to do? Tickle his testicles and hope he dies?
You can go back to cleaning your boat Hempus
I'm making things hard for Ven apparently, oh what a poor poor life he has....stupid twat!
There's a jeep! No wait that's a tractor
Your all idiots
This is fucking retard!
And maybe I not a tight up idiot?
If you don't by a gift for you so you might as well just be a tight up fuck
I literally have no idea who you are you insignificant idiot
I apologise my gf was sending the pussy and dick messages
What the fuck just hit me from fifteen degrees?!?!
HAVE YOU SEE IT!?
Shutter
I want to play Witcher not talk about cheese with a russian
He's a bit shutter
At lests she's having fun :smiley:
Wow, way to fake it. Almost real... Besides this was in the new.
I'm not that much of a retard
Well my computer is now leaking shit rip!
Well my computer has had it... Its now leaking shit??? (No it's not the cpu cooling liquid)
Fuck a pluck
Piss sauce!
Just call me mister dedicated sentry remover
Sometimes I dream about having her be my hotdog
Why not listen to big dick, what dick? how dear you dick, you're dick is gone move on!
fuck man are you come?
I am disipont
fucking NIVDA
fucking NIVDA always fucking up my drivers!
do you have cock aids? Tom can't help
Like borther like brother
Nothing wrong being a pubber
I'm arresting you on suspicion of being fabulous
Groin Squeezing Beaver Rider
Anal Loving Grandpa Rider
I very much hope you suffocate on a throbbing cock, you terrorist cocksucker
It would be more than alright if you shut your fucking mouth, you menaingless sack of ass
I can't wait until you suffocate on an acrylic cock, you chicken fucking fuckhole
Stoge. Shut. The. Fuck. Up You are a D-
Suck and fuck my long john you hippy mong
I'll bring the comdom
so many anygry idiots
You stupid little boy...
I'm fucking fuming.. Absolutely fucking human...
SCANNING...TARGET ACQUIRED! FIRING!!
Ven welcome to the darkside!
This is your captain speaking! Bren jump overboard!
They move! The clouds move!
WE ARE LEAVING! WE ARE...VAMOOSE!!
Bren would you like to shove it out your ass
If I was saying I was picking my nose you'd say I'd say I'd have my finger up my arse
High high high! I am raising us. We are going up.
I have no engines, welcome to the game!
NO! It was NOT the cpu cooling liquid!
Your bother is an idiot
Think your funny?... News flash you're not...
Fuck you Stoge, I've only eaten 1 egg
110% Disgusting tf2 Centre… That’s all I have to say
I was just waiting around and some weeded up hippy came and spoke to me
Your game is broken tom
I was still well above 70% hp, because I thought after, I'll just have a can of coke...
Use your qoute dicky ducky notebook on your desk
I require the duck qotue bin link
I am 'Ducky' my real name is Michael I have many other names as well but lets keep this forum thread 'PG''
You may have seen me in my world famous video 'Michael Punch 1''
P.s Oh yes and Tucks my thread will be pink and have love hearts all over it.
how could you not want what is between a womans legs
Doesn't it feel good when a girl has your dick in their mouth?
You can take a eggplant and plant it in your ass, it might actually grow up there because it's full of shit
your a lizard
No I am not change it to that
I writ the whole entire thing
100% idiot P x
I'm a Barbie girl in a barbie world it fantastic I'm so plastic, You can brush my hair and dress me anyway
OFFLINE: My computer is turned off; I could be asleep, out or at my gfs.
Docky is fucked
Assistant need to walk to club
Docky ain't fucked... But he keeps groping his girls bum
Can't stand
Docky is fucked Can't stand
UCL me
Ducky got mashed 10x over
The video is right...but..but yeah...
I could just have a can of coke to get my health back now, sweet!
TOM...TOM! YOU'RE A LIZARD!
You are a fucking gecko!
I know, I know, you've got the proof on me
KIERAN CAN YOU PUT A BLACK DILDO IN YOUR ARSE AND SHUT UP FOR A MINUTE
I like when kieran cant have the argument
No Tom this isn't part of the health you fucking nimnut!
Kieran I wasn't trying to crawl in the house you fucking immigrant
That video isn't 360 degrees you FUCKING moron!
Kieran I'm going to thrust my foot up your arse and leave my sock in it
Kieran can you shut up before I thrust my foot upside your arse again?
On my screen, my side of the world, on the side of my internet
Kieran can you shut up before I thrust my foot up your arse again, you actually seem to be enjoying that right now because you keep opening your trap
I agree in FULL FLEDGE
On my screen he only lost like fucking..zilch!
you didn't use any pink love hearts I'm disappointed
I don't think in understand quite what went on...
is shit????
Paige is very dosed up on alcohol
dicky fucked . phg
Kieran! you made my heart come out my penis!
Tom, would you like to suck my hairy testicle on my left side, because I've shaved my right side.
People are specticle
I'm lagging like a fucking....trooper
This thing is going to become sentinent
This is really giving me the aids
Eugh! This is the sunshine!!!!
I'm gonna slay your black pussy
I'm pussyslayer101
R SEE 2!! R SEE 2!!!
Luke is directly in here
Did that make your Jimmies smile?
Backdoor to my building is open
Beep beep! Ducky shag mobile!
Itchy arse!! ITCHY ARSE!!!
Just shows how much fucked luke is!
I'll give you junction 9 in a minute. You wont like it.
You call the fuck ever want
DUCKY BOT calling Duck a idiot ;/
I'm clicking the ready button but no funks happening!
The car is just humping by
Immersion like the Persian
The persian was so immerged
I love how we're seperated like black men again
It's the super black segregation
I think my english is different from yours
I might cryton
Ohhhhh my egg is flaccid my egg is very flaccid!
Give me your ants.
No becuse some has muted me
Please do not leave your eggs unattended
Any eggs left unattended will be disposed of
Please do not leave your eggs unattended, any eggs left unattended will be disposed of
Extended mags extend your ammo
You absolute cpu idiot
You fucking brisky idiot
I've lost sight of them because they've moved slightly
My Dacia is on full fucking 6th gear
The vagina gapes to the size of Manhattan's water supply
That's why I'm an expect sales man of pencils
Big, Round, Wallnutty and Pink
Pee has been authorised.
Can I fuck 'em off?
My nutty nutties are massive and hairy like a gorillas back
Long john inside my short john
My dick is the size of long johns cock
My long john is limp because of how bored I am
My head can turn 190 degrees, I'm a quarter degree out
Oh my meme
My grandmothers arsehole doesn't have much definition
It's so low res it looks like my nans arsehole
I can turn my head 170 degrees, I'm a quarter degree out!
Sometimes I dream about having her be my cheese stick
I am your gesture
Sometimes my cheese stick just isn't big enough for her and she just gives up
Just dink it on my arse a bit
My nut is the size of Manhattan's finger
Manhattan has many fingers
I don't think you grass the context
I think there should be a criminal punishment for stealing things
Balls are sweaty, the aligator is alive!
What you talk about? Gibberizz
My moobs are lightning
Everybody was Kung-Fu fighting, my moobs are lightning!
It me moobs lightning, some people call me moose lightning, but they're wrong
I reject your reality and I substitute my own!
This is as sweaty and salty as my mothers socks
Yeah I'm a long john traveller
This bed is only for puss, I do apologize
You've heard of flying ants? Well these are flying worms!
Please rub your band along my nuts
Oh piss off dodgem boy
Mother nature can take a big dick in her cunt arse!
Bend me over and shove it inside, Hitler!
Hey it me Ducky... shit I can't rap
Who is texting me!? Is Hitler sending me a speech or something!?
Am I fully charged?
There's a purple bar flashing on my cock I don't understand!
It's alright I'm having an anal prolapse, bear with me
Fucking spiders up my dick!
Dick the size of king kongs finger
I'm gonna be chiseling so much stone, I'll be known as the stone boy
Oh Jesus I just hit my grandmothers gravel vein
I'm gonna go home and empty out my hammer, it's full of 10 thousand jizz..pieces of shit!
Just get smacked in the tits by a bit of gravel
It blast. It brick. It me. It flick.
Hey it's me Ducky! Ducky do and Ducky poo, Ducky don't have a fuckin' clue cause Ducky.. Uhm...
I'd have more fun milking my nans tits than milking that thing!
I turned around and said to her that her boobs were another year old now
She's deaf as a llama with no ears
Small fry! MINIATUREIZATION.
This computer can shoot men into space
FUCK! My inventory is full of cat shit! Jesus Christ!
There's a simalater
One breast is plenty of breast
I'm not fucking the flash
Welcome to the dick house... this place is full of evil dicks
This is my Khaleesi cock!
Remote stortage mofuaal
I've been spanked by a zombie thing
Stop lasering me with your sperm eyes!
Green fucking gay fish
Stop lasering me with your sperm eyes you green fucking gay fish!
Put onion rings up my ass!
Bagel doesn't know how to use Discord, he's Discordlexic
Ever heard of road riding hood?
English is hard btw
Tom is genuinley an ant, but we don't talk about that
Fill my bace up with shit again and I will start pissing around with you
Manvidia is telling me I have an update to do
My farm is literally going to be bigger than my Mums shits
My Mum has some pretty big shits
Toaster online
My room is coming shaped up!
Things quite frequently go tits up in the land of Ducky
I'm gonna have a big cack
My knob is in the levening and its bouncing in the evening
It's the specific rim
Funny and stupid is ducky all over
I'll give you a potion called the arse potion
Get the fuck out the way you hairy sheep!
God I love being a bee
Get ready to be bent over and dominated
God I love being a domination bee
Don't want white man sperm, only black man sperm
My head has been disintegrated. Its been turned to like 6 pieces.
I need to urination
Let me try work this out in my head 'cause brain and dick don't function together
This is so hard to control when I'm being blown!
I don't think you've quite been blown like I have!
Come here Dylan! Come and stick it in my ass!
No wonder they call you the Dylan fucker!
Tom you do it before I get my cock out
My enormous tit balls are furious
Tom BIG FUCK OFF!
Not small fuck off...BIG FUCK OFF!
Tom BIG FUCK OFF! Not small fuck off...BIG FUCK OFF!
Fucking put it in my arse you shit fuck!
I'm not fixing it, he can fuck my dick
I'll shove one word up your arse: Cunt
I have presidents for everyone
Why am I lagging like a black woman!?
Nuts activated sir
Engage protocol nutta
Nuts away sir!
They don't call me big dick alfred for nothing
Just call me fix Ducky everything!
Fuck the conveyor belts! Get me on the pipe you cunt!
I just wrank down my trousers and show them my small nuts
That's all these lemon drizzle boys want, the D.
Would you like to see my nuts Tom? They're up for hire
The bees are stinging me! They love being bees!!
The fucking automatic bitch is leaving trees floating
Look shes complaining again, cant be independant! Needs a strong man to look after her
I cant find a single one tom!!!!!!!!
Stone is a bag of nipshit!
Up his big ass, not his small ass, he's got 2 ass sizes
Have you been up my medium ass Tom? It's very mediocre
I'm going to nut all over your face and leave no toilet paper with you
Oh wait a minute...DUCKY BRAIN WAVE! DUCKY BRAIN WAVE!
DUCKY BRAIN WAVE! DUCKY BRAIN WAVE!
Splink and they come back!
The cables are autistic
I'm gonna lose my ginormous shit in a minute
Jesus Christ dicking fucking
This cavern is as big as my nans asshole
Why has it made put it in half!?
Can we get more autistic please?
You're not actually placing them in the block you're placing them on the once block
This is even more aids than aids
Can I make a bit....Can I make a clit!
Can I make a clit
Stop throwing shit at me!
I've been given baguettes! Why the fuck do I want baguettes!?
Why have you killed me ... I'm having a shit ton
Aggressive men in my shaft just jerking me off with their machine gun hands
I like when hard men are in my big shaft hard at work getting me ores Tom
That's when the lag intended
It's like a leprechaun ejaculated gold into my mouth
I'm so fucking drunk. Whooooooooo know coffee and Vodka works well together :tiger::cat::tiger::tiger::cat::tiger::cat::tiger::tiger::cat::tiger::cat::tiger::racehorse::cow::tiger::cat2::tiger::cow::cat2::tiger::tiger::monkey::tiger::monkey::poodle::tiger2::cat2::tiger2::cat::dog2::cat2::dog2::cat2::cow::cow::cat2::tiger::ram::pig::chipmunk:️:hamster:
That's how mad Thai party is xxx
Wool wiakes welcome aboard the tdp :sailboat:
Wiieijfjeiwoowow
Wkooooooooooioikk
It's gonna be South from the ships arse
Mana wasn't going into the mana bathroom
WHEEE HEEE!!
I'm testing your arse today trucks
It's not quite the reason you lemon chopper
We need the CPU Cooling liquid and a dash of cum
Nut to the nut from the nut is the nuts, so many nuts here nutty time it is
They are the gibbons of the highest order
Pea gibbons
They are pea gibbons
The AK is strong...it's wild....it's like a woman
I have to play them when I wear this map
So much gun for the pizza ammo
Fucking lanky legs just walked in!
How has me not died?
Take your hairy monkey dick and ram it in their white tight vagina
Porject Cars the second one
The AK is like a rabies infested rabbit
I peeketed it once you cunt
Who's marked Severny?
One more bollot and I knock him out
Go and get the 8 times vest
The bots have become the botted!
How ya doin ya great big fuckin fish
How I make plastillic ingot...
There's a big creature in my pants Tom
I've lost my brain... I don't know where it is anymore
Wet mingey dick...
Spin the wheel or carness and end up somewhere
Something rubbed against my cyclops and made a god almighty rumble and I swear to god brown shit came down my leg
It's like my nans had a shit all over a storage container
I swear the temperature has jopped!
I wouldn't poosty pasty
I wouldn't put the pasty behind your assty
I've always had this feeling that I've been born with down syndrome
Lesbians... I don't understand it, just licking each others fish constantly
Sanitate the dick... Disgusting dick! Needs sanitation
It flingmeoff, it mingoff. It flingme. Flingmeoff mingoff.
I have a companion called Linda
It you when you fuck somone in the ass
So everyone that paided for it will be angry
I've got a 4 inch sardine down my pants
Base market are we jumping?
Drop at the market base!
Base market, like wtf idiots?!
Another YouTube food review
That's your problem you clogged your blood archery
One is underpiss
He sounds like he's going to Apollo Playstation!
We're the level 3 bang clag
Oh my god my arse! It's just on fire!
Windo, wando, wooney, kapooey! And its gone
Everything's sweating for me ... legs, arms, arsehole, tinips
What is it ... BSMD?
You have an iq of a pig
I see my font door
!tbp
Bloddy hell*
He's absolegg
Down this mountain to Vanhalla
Off we go to Vanhanna
Black men can't do it... their skin colour weighs more..
Their head just falls out their brains!
Whiskers gets tom up all the time...
Take the smokebang
Smokebang them!
There's a button in the blottom cleft
There's a flucking fly!
Tom will be first, then it'll be me then STOGE second
I a friend is asking me
If we stick the thermal drill in the rear...
Hello crap to crap, slow crap
It's not shigging SNS now
6 scrote grenades
I knew that supply crate slooted
It's the 100iq play
Oh fuck! I've just started big play...
You're not a skilled nut rubber unlike me!
You spatulent cunt
Get fucked silent official cunt!
I've stabbed a man to death and I've killed him
Dick in my tips
There's a man there, he's gonna stick a dick in your arse, quick avoid him
This cow is literally bruce lightning
This cow: literally christ
Big chunky legs but running fast as all fuck, come back ya big bastard!
I spawn on an axis
I've opened the kraken!
There's a gun up there with a machine gun on it
There's mundreds more of em!
I'm gonna be back in about 2 seconds, gimme a minute
