trucks: !austism
Satch: Not on my compass!
Hempus: How did it feel when you first kissed a girl?
Hempus: I dont even enjoy sucking dick, you probably enjoy the thought of my lips around your throbbing member you fucking gay twink
Hempus: Ducky please teach me about girls
trucks: It was a black woman.
trucks: I'm going Indian now... and because it goes so fast it enters into India
Flors: Guys, what sound does the floor make here? The cobbles tone
trucks: We make it go even faster, but what about after the fast bit? do we have a nice... NO NO.. Just make it go even faster!
trucks: Shum shmen should sho shong
Bren: at the moment
Bren: You don't even kill the person closest to the medic...
Flors: I can give myself black man head and white man body!
Flors: 1 Holes! No pumps! Sinking!
Flors: Get the ram rod out!
trucks: One in the cobble
trucks: Its like riding a wild tuna!
Bagel: i spi/l/qt waqter on iqt l/asqt nighqt W OOOOOOOOOO CMON BABY NAQTURE BOY RIC FL?AIRENING@!!!!
Whiskers: An average sized hand could grab both my ass cheeks with ease
Hempus: you have offended the anime defender
Hempus: Why is this guy so disgusting
Hempus: !!!!!! its so cool sonic is so cool he does parkour its really cool
Hempus: anyone want a cumdaddy
Hempus: you dug your own grave buddy... *unsheathes katana*
trucks: Ducky your brain is like a jenga tower
Whiskers: lifting 50lbs dbs with each one of my hands is easier than lifting a barbell that has 2x 50lbs plates... why?
Whiskers: im not that dumb guys
Whiskers: are there any scottish people who dislike william wallace
trucks: Where did they gland!?
Bagel: my ass releases a wallop of whipped cream, delicious treat
Whiskers: Black people seem nicer in the UK than in the US
Whiskers: Back in 2014...
Whiskers: Oh ... My arms are white! Wonderful!
Whiskers: Fuck on my pants
Bagel: Michael turns on the jets. He pulls down his pants and unleashes a vile jet of diarrhea at an incredible rate. +20 Speed.
Whiskers: If I lived in french
Whiskers: Door!
trucks: His aim is so bad he missed the ready button
Whiskers: OH BOY!
STOGE: Allah please bless me with one wild bitch
STOGE: You are some strange ape-like being
Whiskers: I've ran out of black man lines
Boon: Are you Kool Aid 'cause I wanna fuck you mane
Whiskers: stop linking me black !!!!!!!!!
Hempus: I need all kinds of yava
Bagel: Ducky's never started a big play in his life
trucks: You've got to break up your own shit!
STOGE: All they know how to do is smoke weed and fuck each other
STOGE: You don't need to tell me you follow a lot of guys Ducky
trucks: It was a sweet nut *meerkat noise*
STOGE: The knobs are what scares me
STOGE: So I am a human being then.... nice
trucks: Yes I'm eat
trucks: I've rebuilt the restiplied station
STOGE: You should get a damage buff every time you kick Ducky up the arse
Whiskers: You are very close to  accessing the temple.
Whiskers: dis mid air
trucks: We've got a warrant for this retard
Whiskers: It's like a song that would a club in 2099 would play before they brought out the dj
Whiskers: my dad also tells me when he lost his stuff he could concentrate for a moment and then remember where they were but he lost the ability when he moved to new york because of the fluoride in the tap water
